Li Silent, he's alright
Empress Li Silent is worthy of being an old man in the palace
You helped me get that thing
The emperor praised Yongjia, how is this possible?
The emperor is determined not to allow anyone to move
The idea for that dress
Okay, you Li Silent
In vain, I respect you as an old man in the palace
It has already hurt me so much that it almost cost me the whole family. Remarks
Empress is wronged
The old slave only recently learned that the emperor likes to eat
Okay, you don't admit it, do you?
Okay, I'll send you to Sueren's Mansion now
I see how you still quibble
The empress sent the old slave to the palace
The old slave will not live
If you don't tell me, I know the person who wants to hurt me.
It's Concubine Shu, am I right?